MP 2.1

22/2/2023
Who - Me I got the bug
What - I needed to understand the condition in the for loop for vertical line because it wasn't as complex as horizontal line.
When - This was during my discussion session.
How - I raised this question to a graduate TA who helped me understand the concept of VGA planes in the build buffer and how it is mapped to in video memory. 
      After understanding, I was successfully able to implement the vertical line function on the first try. 

23/2/2023
Who - Me!
What - I had a hard time understanding how to get started with the status bar since I didn't know how to appropriately set the Line Compare Register.
When - This was happening around Thursday and I was trying to figure out the offset needed for scan line so that my status bar doesn't copy my maze.
How - I talked to TAs about this and showed them diagrams that I made for this problem and they guided me on how to find this value for horizontal scan line.

24/2/2023
Who - Me!
What -  Timer for status bar. I wanted to implement the timer and like make it use the 2 digit by 2 digit representation.
When - Happened around Friday. I knew I had to make use of the time module in C and implement it in the for loop but I didn't know how.
How - A TA suggested me to create a start time followed by a current time and have the status bar format the time difference (in seconds).
      I did so by the "sprintf" function in C.

25/2/2023:
Who - Me!
What - I had a bit of trouble understanding what masking was trying to do so I asked a TA to explain to me the gist of it.
When - This happened around Friday night after I got my status bar to work. I had a TA sit down and explain to me the concept
       pretty well and he also guided me in how to implement it.
How  - Once I understood the higher level of it, the implementation wasn't too bad because it just required me to save,draw,show and redraw.

27/2/2023:
Who - Me!
What - I had a bit of trouble understanding the fruit edge case that it doesn't redraw when it is at the edge. This was an edge case that is also
       present in the demo version. 
When - This happened around Monday afternoon while I was working on MP2.2. I had a TA help me deal with this edge case but it was a pretty easy one. 
How  - Essentially you want the game to be redrawn whenever an event happens like a fruit being consumed or the player moving.

MP 2.2

2/3/2023
Who - Me!
What - I had a bit of trouble understanding how to change the wall and player's central color to something that would change with each level
       and something that would flicker. Currently, my walls weren't changing color neither did I know where to start from for player's central color.
When - This happened on Thursday and I was in lab early morning to have a TA explain to me what the separate palette function is supposed to do.
How  - You want to add an additional address parameter to your set_palette function that writes your color at the address specified in blocks.h. This       
       allowed me to write colors to addresses which hold wall and central color of the player. For the flashing I just made the color change every 16 ticks.

3/3/2023
Who - Me!
What - I had a bit of trouble understanding how TUX init worked and what we had to do. Also, I had trouble setting up the TUX emulator because of the       
       changing paths. I also didn't know much about how to test TUX and what I had to make exactly. 
When - This happened around Friday morning. I had read the TUX_Spec doc multiple times but it was hard to understand so I asked a TA to explain to me what
       a function like handle packet was doing and what tux init did. 
How  - TUX init required me to set all the LEDs to off (which I implemented later), handle packet was handling only 3 opcodes that we needed and I implemented them
       with the help of mtcp.h which was very useful.

4/3/2023
Who - Me!
What - I had a bug in my LED function because my decimal places were also turning off when my LED was off. I had overlooked a key detail of them being independent.
When - This happened around Saturday evening. I had a friend inform me of this detail and I quickly thought of what I had to do. 
How  - This bug was easy to fix because I just had to make sure that I checked for a decimal in the case when the LED was off so that I still display it. 

5/3/2023
Who - Me!
What - I had a hard time understanding the gist of transparent fruit text. I had understood the higher level of it but I was struggling to implement it especially 
       with the whole transparent color + 64 indexing and also I was confused about how I can ensure text wrapping.
       present in the demo version. 
When - This happened around Sunday afternoon after I integrated TUX to the game. I had TAs help me understand what modifications I had to make with my existing functions.
How  - Essentially you want to save the floor block to a buffer, then draw the block using the masking (but draw using the transparent version of the floor which may or may not have walls)
       and then you draw to block.

6/3/2023
Who - Me!
What - I had to be vary of my returns for most of my functions especially in ioctl because some returned 0 and some return -EINVAL. I had to add error checking for them. 
When - This happened around Monday afternoon while I was finishing commenting for MP2.2. I had to go over the doc to look at what functions returned what and when. 
How  - I added error checks for invalid ldisc puts, copy to users and I also made sure to return -EINVAL for these cases and for the unused ioctl calls. 